Since the destroy action is the only one and not enabled currently to enable it.
We should remove the only method, call us.
From now on, we will be using all resource controller actions.
Let's take a look at the route, least by running BHP artisan route least.
The only thing unique to that destroy action is the htp delete verb.
You should know that all links you create on the Web use the get HDB verb and there is no other way.
So to be able to hit the delete route, you need to send the form HMO forms can only use Caird or Post
as their HTP method, but we already know about the Laravel method spoofing.
So now we know how to hit delete route by sending a form and spoofing Domestos.
So first, let's open the partial post played template responsible for rendering a single blog post
on the list of posts.
So you might be thinking, why make it so complicated?
I could just create a normal jet route with, let's say, the delete appended to the URL.
Sure you can, but this is not secure.
Remember when we talked about cross site request forgery?
So for security reasons alone, you should never create routes that make any changes on the server using
our jet route.
It's better to do a little bit more work, but make sure the website or application you create is safe
for your customer and potentially your customer customers.
All right.
So if we know the way now, let's see how to do it.
Let's assume he wants to use a button that deletes a post first, we need a form directed at the destroy
route, so let's use the root helper.
The action name or the route name is posts a destroy, you need to pass a parameter called post.
We have the post variable which has the ID property, by the way.
We made some changes.
So the post is no longer on the way.
It works, though, but we should change it to post title here too, and here to.
All right, go back to the forum.
The method of this form has to be post.
Now we have to add the C srf, so crosseyed request forgery, as we have to add this directive to every
form that we send negs, we need metal spoofing.
So metal directive and the HTP verb is actually the elite and finally the input so lets on an input
of type submit.
The value would be delete, and there it is.
That's our button.
So we are almost ready to send this form, but first, let's go to the Post's comptroller.
And in the action, let's just dump maybe the blog post I.D., so we are sure that clicking this button
actually directs us to this action.
Now we are ready to test those changes.
So first, let's go to a post list.
I know it doesn't look good at all, but we will get to that.
So first, let me delete the first post.
So it seems correct, we are getting the idea of the blog post and the forum indeed since correctly
so when we implemented this destroy action, we should be able to actually delete our blog post or any
model from the database this way.